9:00 am in Shanghai, Shenzhen, and here
in Hong Kong, you're watching the China
Show. I'm Yvon Man with David and Glass.
>> Good morning. We are counting down to
the open markets in Hong Kong. Our top
stories today, the dollar and US futures
are under pressure as investors digest
fresh trade uncertainty. Now, you
President Trump raising his global
tariff to 15%. That's after the US
Supreme Court struck down his so-called
reciprocal levies. The tariff turmoil
set to boost Chinese President Xi
Jinping's bargaining power for his
meeting with Trump next month in
Beijing.
>> Senior US officials say key trade deals
remain in effect, but India and the EU
step back on talks and ratification
while Japan calling for calls the
situation a real mess.
>> And as the Trump administration charts a
new trade path, we look at their
possible legal options and assess the
market and retail industry fallout.
weekend. What weekend? I took a week and
a half off and I learned a whole set of
fresh news here. here. I thought I was
going to be asking you today on what I
missed, but really uh it seems like I
haven't missed much because a lot
happened just in the last maybe 3 to 4
days right now when it comes to
terrorists really being put back at the
in the spotlight in a big big way.
>> Yes. And you know, if you asked me where
we are on the tariff front, I'm still
trying to wrap my head around the latest
right 10 it went to 15%.
>> Lots of people are scrambling whether to
adjust and we'll get you know we're
getting a whole varied reaction across
the region of course as it pertains to
what they're doing and what they're
pushing for. Yes, if if you in in the
event that you miss what happened over
the weekend from Friday. So, we did have
of course that red headline crossing at
about 11 p.m. Hong Kong time on Friday,
the Supreme Court striking down and then
shortly after you had the US president
going from 10% and then he went to 15% a
few hours after that and then of course
all of this uh well this the attention
will then center around the state of the
union of course this week. Yeah, I mean
largely expected to talk about the
economy which you could argue I mean
most Americans do believe that you know
they do oppose tariffs that this is what
has been fueling a lot of the
affordability crisis uh in the US. So
how he faces Congress, how he faces of
course the American public after this
whirlwind that we've seen over the
weekend is certainly one thing but you
have seen him really try alternative
ways to try to make up for of course the
what Supreme Court has done in really
trying to say these AIPA terrorists were
illegal. Right. So, uh certainly that's
one thing to look here. What does 10%
what does 15% mean. There wasn't that
mention of refunds, right? And what this
means for a lot of the manufacturers,
the importers out there that have been
asking for refunds. So, certainly
there's a lot of questions on not just
what the companies are doing, but also
how world leaders are going to be
approaching any sort of trade
negotiations moving forward.
>> Yeah, I think it also depends on whether
you were part of the plaintiffs on the
Supreme Court case. I think and we'll
get into the legal ramifications of this
and whether or not you do have recourse
of course to to claw back some refunds
as well that goes into of course a very
big meeting that's taking place at the
end of March. We have now understand
there are some dates now specifically
that trip of course Donald Trump uh to
China. Uh not to also mention that when
you look at the market reaction it's so
far limited mostly to US assets. Asia's
doing quite well. In fact, Korea's up
substantially again. What else is new
there? Taiwan is coming online. Uh in
fact we did hear of course just on more
context on this from the US trade
representative Jameson Greer and
President Trump about the impact of the
Supreme Court ruling.
>> These deals are going to be good deals.
We we expect to stand by them. Uh we
expect our partners to stand by them and
I haven't heard anyone yet come to me
and say the deal's off. Uh they want to
see how this plays out. I'm in active
conversation with them on it. their
decisions incorrect, but it doesn't
matter because we have very powerful
alternatives that have been approved by
this decision. You know, they've been
approved by the decision for those that
thought they had us,
>> right? A look at market reaction right
now. So, just keep in mind Japan cash
markets are shut. That means no
treasuries uh going into the session
today. Nicke futures though are off. S&P
futures don't normally see this types of
declines this time of the day, but here
we are. of course, US assets. Korea one
and a half% to the upside. Flip the
page. Taiwan, by the way, is coming
online. Within that, of course, we're
looking at obviously the AI place plus
the exporting side of things. Uh here's
a quick stat in Korea while we change
the page here, right? So, we're almost
um we're almost at March and that market
has actually closed lower just five or
six times all year. Just imagine that,
of course. Right. Okay. Uh Bloomberg
dollar index, as you can see, the dollar
is softer right now. uh bond yields
would be pushing slightly to the
downside right now. So, we're giving
back some of the uh the gains as far as
crude is concerned. Back to Ivon's
earlier point that we were meant to be
looking at possibilities around Iran
that's been replaced by tariffs. Um so,
we're down as far as the risk premium
goes and oil on the energy markets 1.2%.
Gold is up by about two. Um a quick
glance at US assets, well Chinese assets
in the US on Friday. Mostly ended to the
upside and of course we're going into
the open today uh on largely the front
foot last we checked following of course
quite a bad session on Friday uh on
Chinese tech plays here in Hong Kong and
of course mainland markets remain shut
of course. So just keep that in mind
going into this Monday session.
>> Yeah. So to help us really unpack all
these developments let's bring in our
team. I want to bring in our politics
editor Laura Davidson. She's with us
here also our chief correspondent
Stephen Angel. Laura, I'll start with
you. So, now we're talking 15% tariffs
for 150 days. What comes next?
>> Really, really hard to say. Remember,
we're just about 11 months out from
those April 2nd Liberation Day tariffs.
All these deals were cut. Everyone was
in limbo for 11 months. We probably have
at least a year, if not more, of
complete uncertainty because everything
that Trump needs to do could face uh
legal challenges when it comes to
tariffs. You know, he's got a 150day
runway to figure out exactly what he
wants to do here. But if you know
whether all the different authorities
that he has in his tool belt, uh you
know, they're much more limited in
scope. Okay. Is something a national
security threat? Great. You need to put
together a report make that case. If you
don't make a serious case there, uh you
can uh almost certainly bet that someone
is going to step in and sue and
potentially delay that. So there's just
um all of the the the scenarios where we
have where, you know, there's redheads
crossing the terminal. Trump said he's
going to impose a tariff on this country
on this good uh you know because he's
mad about um you know the the trade
policies or or the geopolitics between
the two countries. Those days are over.
Now he's got to really think a lot more
um strategically and about how he
imposes these and it's going to take a
long time and there's not any certainty
for any of the companies or trading
partners who are trying to figure out
what they need to do here. And do we
know at this point
what tariff rate is effective, still
effective, when the 15% will become
effective and who is affected?
>> Yeah, so we know that the 15% will go
into effect on the 24th. So Tuesday um
is that when that rate will go into
effect. Um there are still some
exemptions uh for semiconductors and
other things. Um some tariffs um all the
things that are kind of sectoral
specific. So things on steel and
aluminum on auto parts, those will also
remain in effect. But sort of any of
those kind of broad-based uh country
bycountry tariffs, those are all now
equalized at 15%. Uh you know, we may
see countries if they're trying to get
back in Trump's good graces, they agree
to a little bit more. There's a lot of
different levers here that that uh that
that countries can can pull. Uh but you
know, you kind of see everyone just kind
of taking a collective step back and
say, "Whoa, let's figure out what's
going on." There was a Japanese official
that described this as a real mess. Uh
that is really the case that's I think
widely shared among everyone trying to
figure out what's happening.
>> Yeah, Steve, perfect time to bring in
you. What do you think some of the trade
partners in the US are thinking here
right now? Whether to renegotiate with
Trump or not?
>> Well, I think they're reassessing that
right now. The Indians for sure are kind
of they have that interim deal which
brought their tariff rate from 25 down
to 18 and also eliminated an extra 25%
in the interim deal. They were heading
to Washington this week. They've
postponed that as an example. uh a
number of different trading partners are
are kind of taking a wait and see
approach because as you uh Laura just
said rightfully the sectoral tariffs are
still going to be in place on steel and
autos for the Japanese and the South
Koreans. So right now we're hearing
officials from Japan and also South
Korea saying we need to assess uh what
the ramification what our leverage might
be going forward as well. So I think
there's this Monday morning as we've
come out of the lunar near holiday in
Beijing in particular, we're kind of um
in reassessment mode of what this really
means. So I focus on Beijing because in
5 weeks time exactly Trump will be on
Air Force One heading to Beijing for
that big summit. uh he probably and the
the conventional wisdom is that that
tariff cudgel if you will has been um is
wields less
>> strength right now u because again the
Xiinping will know uh that he cannot
necessarily just ad hoc add tariff
threats which he did over the course of
last year upwards of 145%. uh and it was
it vacasillated quite a bit. So created
a lot of chaos, a lot of uncertainty. Uh
that gave Trump in in his mind uh
negotiating power. Uh so we'll have to
see. Again uh the conventional wisdom
right now from Beijing is we have to
wait and see. State media has been very
muted so far. They don't want to
necessarily antagonize uh Trump uh ahead
of that summit. They have their
deliverables they want out of the
summit. Uh so we'll have to kind of see.
But the conventional wisdom as I say
again is that this does weaken him in
his negotiating strength his leverage
going into those talks with she
>> and maybe yeah China emerging as as a
big winner uh in in this as well. All
right. Uh thanks to our team, Steve, as
well as Laura uh joining us on what this
all means. Of course, we'll continue to
digest uh what happens here across
markets of course what it means for
companies and of course as for how the
world reacts to this as well. In terms
of your agenda here uh for greater China
today, as we we mentioned, mainland
markets still shut. Uh Hong Kong of
course still trades here on this Monday
morning. MEI China, we're watching of
course some key levels including that
200 day moving average. So in terms of
sectors, right? So watch out for like
apparel makers, basically exporters, oil
given the Iran situation, a Hong Kong
property which of course has been quite
hot of late here. There has been some
footsy Hong Kong changes as well to tell
you about Dave. Um also some data Macau
January visitor data and also uh there
is that Hong Kong activist appeal ruling
today too to to watch out for.
>> Yeah. Uh on the legal front of course
we'll be looking at that here in Hong
Kong. And just to also mention the
changes on footsy Russell and by the way
just to add to the the data uh we we are
in the window for FDI numbers coming
through as well. Okay, just this broad
brush stroke. So effective, let's call
it about a month from today. Some
changes in footsie Russell additions to
Hong Kong two you're getting net
additions of course at a large gap
benchmark there 70 plus or so on
mainland of course we're removing about
35 plus or so. Uh we'll obviously look
at the market reaction across Hong Kong
when things open up in about 18 minutes
from now. Right. Uh just ahead we
continue the conversation here on
tariffs and how the fresh uncertainty is
weighing on business sentiment. Stay
tuned for conversations with the
footwear distributors and retailers of
America and also Amch Hong Kong coming
through over the next hour or so.
Counting down to the open first session
of the week, the Monday one, 18 minutes
away here in Hong Kong. This is the
China Show.
One of my concerns
um about the whole way that the
president has gone about these tariffs,
apart from the fact that he overreached
uh his presidential authority, is it's
just created so much uncertainty, you
know, and today we have more
uncertainty, you know, will there be
refunds? How will that work? When will
that happen? you know, will the 122
tariffs that he put in place today?
It just it just creates a lot of
uncertainty.
Former US Commerce Secretary Gina
Rayundo there speaking to us after the
Supreme Court decision striking down
many of President Trump's terrorists.
That uncertainty certainly is going to
be something that's going to be a theme
of course for the next months or even a
year according to our Laura Davidson
here when it comes to some of the legal
sort of constraints and challenges that
might be brought forward. But at least
for now, the market reaction has been of
relief, especially if we take a look at
at some of the Taiwan tech plays or
exporters out there. So it seems like
when you take a look at some of these
tariffs, right, the reciprocal tariffs,
it could be favorable for for products
that have been excluded from such
tariffs, right? Like smartphones, PCs,
the like. So Taiwan could be a
beneficiary here. And you are seeing
some massive moves around some of the
electronic plays here this morning,
Dave. Yeah, it's 150 days I believe.
Yes. Uh based on the latest post coming
through of Donald Trump and of course
what the uh what the law provides for
him as far as his legal uh sort of
capabilities around this specific uh
issue, the 15% specifically of course.
Right. Uh let's get more on this.
Joining us from Washington is uh Greta
Pish, partner at law firm WY Ryan. She
recently served as a general counsel at
the office United States representative.
And of course, Greta, good morning from
the Asia Pacific. Thank you so much for
joining us. Quite timely because you've
also written already quite, you know,
reaction piece to the decision from the
Supreme Court in Friday. I guess my
question is very, very simple. What are
the next steps from here?
>> Well, that's a great question. I think a
lot of companies are asking about
refunds, right? What is going to happen
for all of those entries? Um, uh, many
billions of dollars of trade that have
come in. um and the expectation that
once these uh this ruling would come
out, if it did, you know, um in the
importer's favor, um that they would be
getting those funds back. And I think
there's a lot of questions now as to
what the process will be and how long
that will take.
>> And would this only include the ones
that were the plaintiffs of of these
sort of, you know, cases that were
asking for refunds or do do you expect
this to be something more wide ranging
and more universal?
Well, again, I think that's a question
that is is left open. Um, certainly
there's the uh the plaintiffs who
brought this case, they have asked for
refunds and the lower courts at least at
this time have indicated that they would
have the ability to to recoup those
funds and others potentially who have
brought suits as well. But in his press
conference on Friday, the president
indicated that that was not a settled
question and that the government
intended to litigate it further. that
could delay for those plaintiffs as well
as all of the other importers um who
have um funds at issue. And the qu one
question will be will will every
importer, you know, essentially need to
file a suit against the government in
order to claim those refunds going
forward.
>> Okay. uh the cessation of tariff
collection specifically. Greta, I wonder
if you could elaborate more on that
because people are wondering what is
still in effect as we speak and um you
know what then takes into effect on
Tuesday. If you could just help us
understand the nuance between those two
things.
>> Sure. And it is confusing. The Supreme
Court's order did not automatically
terminate those executive orders. it
really kicked it back to the lower
courts who of course you know on a
Friday didn't have time to you know
process or or put out further orders but
then the president sort of preempted
that um those actions by the courts by
rescending the executive orders that put
in place the reciprocal tariffs and
other AIPA tariffs. Um, but it left a
little bit of a question of what's the
actual end date of those reciprocal
tariffs because the order essentially
said as soon as possible
um, Customs and Border Protection, other
agencies should terminate the collection
of these duties. So, that's not a a a
clear end date. And you know, as of now,
um it appears that CBP is still
collecting those duties and there's
still the orders are still in place as
it undertakes the administrative and um
tech technical procedures in order to to
stop that collection and um revert back
to the prior tariffs that would have
applied to the products coming in. So,
we're a bit in this gray area and it is
leading a lot of uncertainty, you know,
at the border. A lot of questions about
when, you know, when's the best time to
enter products? Should they be held?
Should um should companies and importers
wait to bring them in? Um it it causes a
lot of chaos.
>> It certainly does lead to more
uncertainty. As you mentioned, Greta,
the use of section 122. I wanted to ask
you about the justification of that
because the the US Trump administration
has said it it was to address the
balance of payments issue like
conditions of you know whether they can
actually uh deal with you know this
deficit of balance of payments or even a
significant depreciation of the dollar.
Do you think that there are grounds for
that in any way?
>> Well, this is an untested statute. It's
never been used before. uh it was
actually put in place uh as the result
of of Nixon uh putting in a temporary
tariff for that very reason for a
balance of payments uh a purpose. And so
um you know we don't really know how uh
how courts would look at the exercise of
this uh authority and what kind of
factors they would look like and whether
the conditions that are on the ground in
the US economy today would justify it.
Um but um you know the president has you
know set out his reasons in the
executive order to invoke it and because
it is this temporary nature only 150
days I think you know it's to be seen
whether um in this case importers will
will bring a case knowing that this
authority will will soon expire in any
event.
And so so Greta, a two-part question is
the the 15%
um does that is there is there any legal
risk to the president as far as that's
concerned or does that does that stay
for 150 days just in terms of being able
to give businesses and economies around
the world some level of certainty? And
what's what's what's next? What do you
think what's next for the for the White
House here as far as this this
conversation is concerned?
>> Sure. Well, the authority that's being
invoked, section 122, it caps out at
15%. So, it specifically says that a sir
charge an additional tariff of up to 15%
is allowed using that authority. Can't
you can't go higher than that than that
15%. But that's certainly, you know, if
if it's, you know, a valid use of
section 122, um, it would be within
bounds there. I would say we haven't
actually seen an executive order yet
that increases that 10% to 15%. We of
course saw the announcement from the
president that that they uh that the
administration will do so. But as of
today, that 10% increase um or or new
tariff um which will come into effect on
Tuesday, that's what's on the books.
>> Okay, Greta, thank you so much for
sorting out of course all the legal
nuances out there. Greta Pa there,
partner at WY Ryan joining us here this
evening. uh particularly when it comes
to how the premarket is shaping up. Of
course, in Hong Kong, we actually are
seeing quite a bit of tailwinds crossing
through. Perhaps it's because of the
broad dollar weakness that we've seen on
the face of the Supreme Court ruling.
Also, maybe just the the idea of maybe
lower effective US tariff rates could be
something that could be a relief uh to
many Asian economies out there. So, you
are seeing hanging up one and a half%.
Futures are punching higher here this
morning. 781 for Hong Kong dollar and
688. Some strength crossing through the
Chinese currency here today. This is
Bloomberg.
Right, welcome back. Uh, markets here in
Hong Kong are punching higher. uh no pun
intended there to a mammal that's made
its rounds on social media over uh over
the weekend. One and a half percent to
the upside Hangen 2%. So we we were down
about 4% give or take on a hang tech on
Friday. Uh which is quite fitting right
because when you look at this chart
that's coming up the last time we were
testing the support level was actually
back during liberation day week back in
April. We've, you know, we've since of
course retraced uh from the peak and
we're now at this 200 day moving average
and the last time as as we saw back then
of course was April. The time before
that was tariff scare um right after the
US president was elected and of course
here we are at quite fittingly of course
we'll see and it looks like we're going
to get a bounce uh going into the Monday
session here today.
>> Yep. So certainly that's one thing to
watch here. Um we're also watching in
terms of what this Supreme Court ruling
does uh to maybe some of the Asia
apparel makers, right? that you know the
supply to US brands like the Lululemons
like the Nikes out there. So after of
course President Trump said he will
increase these new tariffs from 10% to
15%. Uh not a whole lot of reaction for
some of them here but you look at Shenzh
International we are seeing a pop about
4% here right now. Uh so they could be
some of the bigger winners here out
there given that some of the you know
some of these companies that are coming
from economies and nations that are
really had very high rates under AIPA
like China. So certainly that's going to
be one thing to watch.
>> Yeah. Uh so everything from your red
stilettos to your Jordans maybe we'll
get into the footwear conversation uh in
a couple of minutes and how that really
affects of course things imported into
the United States. Some changes of
course out of Footsie Russell these two
coming up on your screens. Gold
obviously has also been in play. We're
up about a couple of percent there as
far as gold is concerned. That's playing
out across these two and of course zing
gold is also the gold price there. Uh
broadly speaking mainland markets are
still shut. Japan as well. Uh the state
of play across equity markets this
Monday. Uh Japan is off highs, US
futures on offer. The rest of the region
doing well this Monday. The open is
next. This is Bloomberg.
Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show. Counting down to the open of cash
markets here in Hong Kong. The inland
markets reopen tomorrow. Um so we can
talk about that tomorrow. It's a big
week of course. Um the Hong Kong budget
uh just in case you forget that's also
on deck this week. State of the Union,
the US. Um couple of big earnings and
Nvidia's also coming out I believe uh
next few days or so. So lots to sink our
teeth into.
>> Yeah. And that's even before the whole
set of
getting started here today. So uh today
it is really all about tariffs and
really what this means for Trump and the
whole America first sort of strategy
here. But it seems like at least for now
Asian markets are at least taking it in
stride in fact are actually sensing
breathing aside of relief in some ways
because it does this mean when you
eliminate IPA tariffs does that mean
we're talking about lower effective US
tariff rates across the board? uh it
seems like that is the case given some
of the exceptions that we've seen some
of the carveouts and the like and
certainly you know you take a look at
some of the tech plays that is back in
favor once again uh as mind you as we
mentioned right Hong Kong is online but
really mele markets are shut for a
holiday until tomorrow but right now you
are seeing Hong Kong really liking this
news we're up tech about 2% after what
we saw was a bit of a bashing on Friday
so uh Hangen is also up close getting
close to that 27,000 psychological level
here right now uh Hong Kong home
property continues to be quite hot here.
We we'll check that in just a bit. But
we're watching some of the tech plays,
right? Take a look at HStech. Um it
seems like when you take a look at what
China has emerged, right, in in the face
of the Supreme Court really maybe that
it has purged as one of the biggest
winners out there because they were
facing some of the highest AIPA uh
tariff rates here. Uh you could put
India in there in some ways, Indonesia
as well, Brazil certainly could be some
of the key ones that come out because
essentially you're talking about 10%
fentinel related tariffs have basically
been in some ways gone, right? and
you're just talking about 10% reciprocal
tariffs now. So, you know, that
certainly helps some of the tech plays,
smartphones, PCs, the like that already
have been excluded in some ways. But
look at how property is doing, right? It
it's quite interesting. JP Morgan coming
out with a pretty positive outlook. Uh
even Goldman as well. They're saying
that there the property sector is set
for a further recovery because you talk
about a resilient stock market
>> and there's a lot of pent-up demand from
mainland Chinese buyers for private
residential units. They call it FOMO
sentiment after 3 years of corrections.
So, upgrading Sohung Kai to overweight,
we're up some 3% for that stock.
>> Yeah. Um here's a here's a stat for you.
Nine straight weeks uh uh weekly gains
on the Hingen Property Index, the
longest weekly run going back to 2003.
>> And we've got Hong Kong budget too.
>> That's coming out too, right? And
obviously housing is going to be a very
a big part of the conversation too. Uh
we're looking as well at uh some changes
of course to Footsie Russell. I think
it's MMG and Zujing Gold on your
screens. There we go. Um so suffice to
say these two are being added March 20
as at the close is that is when that's
effective. And we're also looking at
some of these software cyber related
stocks specifically. This follows the
move from the US on Friday. Not as
broad-based as the declines we had in
the US. We are seeing some of course
down substantially. Megaport is listed
of course in Sydney and we're down about
13% on that. This is really down to
anthropics clawed to the latest in this
long list now of AI scare trades. Um to
talk us through this specific and of
course the broader outlook for markets
given the should we call it certainty
over the tariff conversation. Helen Ju
with us here on set managing partner and
CIO uh at NF Trinity. Nice to see you.
Good morning.
>> Morning.
>> Happy new year.
>> Happy new year. The Asian markets seem
to be taking this one in stride. Is this
a correct market reaction in your view?
>> I think so. I think Asia and emerging
markets are probably the biggest
beneficiary of this temporary pullback
in terms of tariffs. So there's 150 days
before Trump needs to, you know,
reimpose something else. But probably
going to go after 301 or 232 in terms of
investigations and seeing what can be
reimposed. But at the end of the day, I
think, you know, it'll be less versus
what was on previously before the
Supreme Court decision. And uh, you
know, this is actually a pretty good
offramp for him potentially to lighten
up a little bit because the US has been
importing so much inflation because of
the tariffs and it's hurting the low-end
consumer, which is his core base, and
you need to, you know, give them some
relief before the midterm. So, I think
he's probably going to reimpose less
versus what was there previously. Yeah,
it's an opportunity like an offer as you
say right to remove some of the damaging
parts of his trade policy. Uh, which is
a good way to see it, a positive way.
Um, should I still put a pretty higher
risk premium on US assets then given
just the uncertainty around what could
happen in trade policy?
>> I think actually the markets kind of
look past the trade issue, right? We're
talking about a few percentage
differences in terms of effective
tariffs and actually, you know, it's
been talked to death and corporates have
already absorbed it to the extent that
at some point they get some refunds
after all the legal cases die down.
that's you know a small positive but not
something that's going to be recurring.
So I think people are much more focused
on the broader landscape for the
economy. You know, how robust is the GDP
growth, what the employment numbers look
like, how does AI disrupt or help the
overall productivity and uh you know,
asset markets, etc. Those things are
probably taking more of a front seat
versus just a tariff topic.
>> The on the AI scare trade, the is that
an overreaction across markets or
justified? How are you looking at that
specifically? I think it's actually
totally justified because this is a
medium to longer term structural thing.
It's not a short-term thing. And there
are so many companies that used to trade
at very high multiples on a price to
sales basis because the visibility of
their sales was considered superior to
every other sector. And therefore, a
great deal of terminal value was uh
credited to these companies. And now
suddenly people think gosh near-term is
okay. You know, everybody's locked into
these two or threeear software
contracts, but who knows what things are
going to look like. And previously maybe
there wasn't too much seat growth but
there was a lot of price hike year after
year because of pricing power and lack
of competition. But now who knows you
know what AI startups beyond even just
the LMS are going to come up with in the
next 6 to 12 months. No one knows and
therefore you know the visibility goes
away and therefore the multiples have
reset and will probably continue to
reset in some um sectors of the market.
Will will that show up in earnings the
upcoming earnings or do I need to wait a
few more quarters before they they well
the companies involved acknowledge that
there is actually a lack of visibility?
>> I think some of the companies are
starting to acknowledge it. Um, but I do
think that the earnings are probably
still okay in the near term largely
because of the medium-term contracts,
you know, two to threeyear contracts for
most software companies and uh, but you
will start to see some slowdown in terms
of their new orders and new contracts
and the market will immediately
extrapolate that forward as well to
maybe a less sustainable rate of growth
or maybe even at some point in the
future some possible decline in terms of
revenue. So uh that'll be reflected in
the multiples much much faster versus
how fast it's reflected in the earnings
or revenues.
>> I mean we saw I mean the biggest
disruption was was software but it it
was a clear signal that we really don't
know what AI can disrupt right. I mean
in terms of what you think could be the
next business that could be upended by
AI how do you even extrapolate what that
could look like?
>> Where do you start? Well, I mean, I
think most of the market concern and
focus has been on the software space
because that's the most immediate and
direct, but over the weekend with
Anthropic's launch of some security
products, you know, security which was
previously thought of as very resilient
and defendable um are actually exactly
is actually getting disrupted as well.
But I think anything that's in the
business services or anything that
doesn't, you know, require a lot of hard
assets to produce, you know, like
chemical plants, cars, etc., anything
that can be potentially um substituted
with AI versus traditional human
capabilities and be done you know maybe
not as well but faster and cheaper
possibly maybe you can get 80% of the
way there and therefore some customers
are happy enough with it willing to
trade down I think all of those sectors
will actually need to face a lot of
reckoning and um really consider how
proprietary are their contents how
proprietary is their data how
replaceable are they the previous moat
there of you know I've accumulated this
many years of customer base or customer
habit of accessing my app or you know
any of these things that goes away
because people can catch up really
really quickly. So I think the next wave
will be looking at some of the internet
verticals. People are worried about
OTAAS for example uh consulting a lot of
these other sectors that haven't
necessarily be impacted uh in terms of
share price movement to the same extent
as software. Uh can I ask you about EM
generally speaking and you know what's
hap you know does it make sense to you
that Korea's outperformed to the extent
it has and China recently underperformed
to the opposite side of things. Yeah.
>> Um I I do think that the Korea rally is
quite justified and we've actually been
positive on Korea since middle of last
year. Uh after the election in the
middle of last year the new government
came in and became super proactive in
terms of fiscal policies as well as a
lot of the capital markets related
reforms. So for example, reducing the
dividend tax and capital gains and
encouraging more retail participation
into the domestic market. Uh trying to
get Korea into MSEIDM status versus EM
by changing a lot of the FX and other
related policies. And Korea's starting
point was like 0.3 times price to book
for a lot of sectors and like four times
PE. And at that point in time, it had
the highest dividend yield in the world
at like you know 6 to 8%. Plus then they
launched all these like capital um
repayments and buybacks and so on. So
that combination really got the market
moving beyond just tech you know beyond
just Samsung and highex from the memory
short shortage perspective. But now
after this like six to eight months of
very aggressive rally admittedly it
rallied a lot faster and more
aggressively versus our earlier
expectation for the front part of this
year. So I think we now have to be a lot
more selective. Financials I think are
still quite okay. Some of the consumer
companies are still okay. Um I think
memory has run a bit too much. Um
probably the price, you know, will still
continue to inch up and the shortage
will remain for a number of quarters,
but everybody knows over the medium to
longer term that's not necessarily
sustainable because supply will catch
up. So we're not chasing that part of
the market. Um and I think also for some
parts of the defense and others, you
know, it's probably gone up a lot uh
already. So I would be a little bit more
selective versus before. China
relatively speaking, I mean the economy
has been quite weak for quite some time.
Um, and we actually don't see that
incrementally the policy front has been
as aggressive of a move versus Korea.
And so we think actually a lot has been
priced in and even the dividend yielding
stocks like the major SOEs, they're no
longer yielding anywhere near as much as
they were before and probably still two
or 3% less versus Korea from a cash
return perspective. Now,
>> how should I be looking at some of these
AI pure plays in China, right? they seem
to be defying this whole AI, you know,
disruptions and scare, you know, that
we've seen right now. Uh, does it show
you this divergence that we're seeing
between China tech and and US tech that
just really what the AI landscape looks
like in China to you or should you
continue to chase it?
>> I think China Tech has really uh caught
up with US tech, right? In fact, we've
seen recently the very uh buoyant uh IPO
market in Hong Kong and quite high price
to sales multiples for the recent IPOs,
etc. So I think people's confidence in
China has already returned in the public
market and uh that's actually been very
helpful in terms of rejuvenating a lot
of excitement in the private market and
early stage venture investing etc as
well. But China and US are two very
different AI markets from many different
perspectives and a lot of the Chinese
companies will have to look for new ways
to monetize because you know Chinese um
businesses don't have the same habits of
paying tens of thou hundreds of
thousands of dollars for software as US
businesses do. So they need to think
about, you know, how to kind of
potentially use what they build up on
shore to move offshore in terms of
monetization as well.
>> Helen, it's great to have you. Thanks
for kicking off the week with us. Helen
J there, managing partner and CIO of NF
Trinity. All right, coming up, our
interview with the CEO of the Footwear
Distributors and Retailers of America
after President Trump's tariff defeat at
the Supreme Court. That's next. This is
Boomer.
Right. Uh market reaction in the Asia
Pacific. So this is a look at apparel
and some of the uh stocks across that
sort of footwear and apparel supply
chain across the region. You have three
of course listed here. uh in Hong Kong
you have exporters coming up as well on
your screens very shortly. Uh on top of
all this I think if you had to summarize
it US assets are weaker uh you do have
the extent to which there's a massive
sigh of relief across markets in the
Asia Pacific. Uh Korea is up again.
Taiwan is coming back online. That
market is up substantially across some
of the big names there. And here in Hong
Kong we are there we go three and a
half%
>> to the upside. So it looks like this is
something we'll be talking about uh over
the next couple of hours or so.
>> Yeah. Because I think what what Helen
Drew from NF Trinity said what was you
know if you look at the flip side of all
this yes there's a lot of uncertainty.
Yes companies are going to have to be
dealing with maybe legal challenges and
really deciphering what you know 15%
reciprocal tariffs are going to mean.
But then again, you know, this is a
chance or even an off-ramp for the US
administration to maybe, you know, take
away some of the the more damaging parts
of their trade policy, right? So, does
this effectively mean lower tariff rates
uh when it comes to most of these Asian
nations? I think for for the most part,
if you look at China, you look at India,
they certainly are maybe smiling, right,
this morning uh just taking a look at
what could happen, right? So, certainly
there's a lot of of I guess there is a
bit more clarity or maybe a lack
thereof. I don't know.
>> Yeah, I'm still confused. I'm still
confused. Uh for more, let's bring in uh
Matt Priest, president and CEO of the
Footwear Distributors or Retailers of
America. So Matt, I'm sure you've been
talking to all of your members and the
like here in the last what weekend. I'm
sure you've been busy.
>> What are the conversations like right
now?
>> Yeah, great to be with you. the the
conversations have been fast and furious
because a lot of our members have checks
due to US Customs and Border Protection
this coming week and so there's a lot of
tactical questions and operational
questions about should they pay these
tariffs or not and can we get guidance
from Customs and Border Protection which
we expect to come sometime early this
week. So our our fingers are crossed.
But right now we had 325 companies on
our call Friday as we just outline and
talk through all the different impacts
that we'll see when it comes to sourcing
footwear from these countries that you
mentioned. Ivon
>> Matt, uh I know it's early days, but
netnet is the is the message you're
getting on aggregate is this good news
or is this bad news?
I think it's good news in a sense that
it it restores kind of constitutional
order around which of the laws that
Congress has passed actually articulate
and authorize the president of United
States to pursue tariffs for a variety
of different reasons. And AIPA didn't
seem to have that clarity when it comes
to the actual law. Uh but the fact of
the matter is since April 2nd of last
year, so-called liberation day, our
members have been scrambling to try to
migrate maybe out of China uh to other
countries like Vietnam and Cambodia and
Indonesia. And as the dust has settled
on the reciprocal agreements that have
been negotiated, the rates at least for
footwear are all the same. There there
was a 20% tariff in China, same in
Vietnam, 19 in Indonesia, 18 in India.
And so for all all the movement around
these negotiations,
uh we settled on very similar rates as
when we start at least the the playing
fields level. So it seems to be a lot of
activity to not really having a policy
that surgically addresses uh our ability
maybe to to move out of China. In fact,
our our volume out of China in 2025 was
the lowest since the Clinton
administration. 49% of the volume sold
in US uh shoe stores came from China.
That's the lowest since since 1991 and
so or '92. And so it's it's this weird
environment where we've had to do all
these things and it just kind of settled
back to what the status quo was,
>> right? And and they kept saying that the
section 122 tariffs are are really
intended to be a temporary fix. I think
Scott Besson said it's more of a bridge
than any sort of permanent facility. You
know, what happens after 150 days? How
long do you think these conditions can
last, Matt?
Yeah, we suspect that they will start to
move with some of these other sections,
right? Section 301 and 232, the sections
that they have been using and a section,
you know, we got hit by 301 tariffs in
September of 2019, but the president
stated very clearly uh over the summer
last year and publicly that he's not
looking to make shoes in the United
States anymore. So, you've been
discussing maybe this off-ramp
opportunity. I don't think the
administration will walk away from
tariffs by any stretch of the
imagination, but maybe as they start to
move down these other maybe initiatives
or these other investigations or using
these other sections of the trade act of
1974 that they won't focus on these low
value goods that we're producing all
over the world. 99% of shoes sold in the
US are made overseas. And the president
has said very publicly he doesn't think
we need to make more shoes in the United
States. And so if that's the case, maybe
we have policy moving forward even
beyond the section 122 uh that doesn't
target items like footwear and apparel
that Americans aren't making and are not
looking to make anytime soon. And so
that's our hope is that maybe that is
the offramp. It creates a little bit
more nuance for the administration to to
navigate through these choppy waters.
And Matt, does that does that ask
resonate as you guys lobby as far as
that that specific uh interest is
concerned there uh in Washington?
>> You know, we've been at it for a long
time, David, and we've been lobbying and
we've gotten a lot of feedback that
yeah, this isn't a top priority, but the
president loves his tariffs and we've
seen that play out time and time again.
Look, I think the president's trying to
create leverage. Most presidents and US
trade representatives want leverage when
it comes to trade negotiations. Now, the
challenge for developing nations and
those that export large volumes of
apparel and footwear is that this is
going to be their top export. And so,
there's going to be going to be leverage
around those products. And so, we're at
this place where we hope that the
administration is continue to maybe
strike some of these deals uh and that
they provide even more carveouts for
products like footwear coming out of
Vietnam, for example. uh and we think
there's an opportunity there and and
then they can focus in on what they
think is important for national security
or heavy manufacturing or highv value
goods u through these other channels as
it relates to different different
sections of the trade act. But it
remains to be seen just kind of what
their next steps are beyond the section
122.
>> Yeah. What about in terms of refunds? I
think have a lot of your members
>> have they been plaintiffs in this in
this case and and what do you think is
going to be the the legal process it's
going to entail to actually get some
money back?
>> Yeah, you know, that's a great question,
Ivon. I mean, we've had some of our
members that have been plaintiffs in
these cases. Uh, a lot of them have not
been. Our expectation is that as the the
Circuit Court of Appeals and the CIT
start to articulate what the process
looks like that we'll have the normal
avenues available to us to go and and
get those refunds and file protests and
have even interest paid on those refunds
as as time allows. And so, do we expect
it'll be an easy process? No. But our
members have been preparing for the last
several months uh pretty much since the
start of this case as it's made its way
through the Supreme Court to get make
sure they have their documents in place
and they understand how much they've
paid when it comes to these AIPA tariffs
and then what that number is and then
how to engage. And our hope is that with
the courts and with Customs and Border
Protection that the administration
hopefully will quickly avail, you know,
some kind of opportunity to seek those
refunds because my encouragement to the
president and his team is that can you
imagine, you know, the economy is doing
pretty well right now. Can you imagine
if you unleash that, you know, $200
billion back into the US economy very
quickly and allow that to start to work
through the economy, how even greater
our economic growth might be. And so our
hope is that they'll do that
expeditiously.
>> Matt, thank you so much. Uh, as always,
we appreciate you taking the time. Of
course, I know it's getting late for
you. Our Matt Priest there, president
and CEO of Footwear Distributors and
Retailers of America, right? Uh, if
you're one of our subscribers, you can
rewatch that specific interview on our
TV interactive TV function on the
terminal. Check it out. TV go.
right? Uh welcome back. You're watching
the China show. It's almost like muscle
memory this time of the day when we have
a look at our board of course here to my
right and the big movers across uh the
benchmark today. We are getting a bounce
uh this Monday morning following the
almost mirror image but the opposite on
Friday. Uh let's call it uh offset most
of the losses there. Uh so big tech
plays on your screens. Tourism of course
we're getting some initial numbers
coming through here in terms of the
retail span during the holiday. Uh that
of course the holiday ends today so
markets reopen tomorrow.
>> Average back minute minimum bet
>> was 2347 Hong Kong dollars. This is
according to of course uh
>> the average bet
>> this is what analysts have been kind of
calculating here which is a 5% increase
uh from this the CNY last year. So there
is a recovery in grind mass as well.
This is according to of course some
analysts out there. So um premium mass
they say remains strong for some of
these Macau casinos. We're also watching
tourism stocks like you know airlines
and the like here as well. So certainly
uh one thing to watch. Crypto. O have we
moved on? We'll see. But crypto as hell.
There you go. Bitcoin sinking some four
and a half percent here. A mixed bag
here across some of the crypto plays
here. Hobby Tech is actually up some 4%,
but we continue to see a bit of
cratering here when it comes to the
Bitcoin price. This is Boober.
I think until you get some way for US
consumers and especially US companies to
come out in mass to say this is not
acceptable to us and we're looking for
serious changes. We're going to continue
to have tariffs and you saw that while
we revoked AIPA on Friday, by today we
already have 15% tariffs that are
supposed to be in place. So there's no
relief in in in the headlines at least
for consumers or for US companies who
are dealing with much higher tariffs.
>> Tariffs have really lost most of their
edge as leverage for the United States.
And so if you look at that as the first
truce in the you know US China trade war
of 2025 or Trump 2.0 tariffs then that
was a front on that war that was fought
to a standstill and then the trade war
moved to other areas things like export
controls and sanctions and this is a
case where also both sides have
demonstrated they've got potentially
significant leverage over the other and
they've largely fought to uh to a
standstill. The Supreme Court's order
did not automatically terminate those
executive orders. It really kicked it
back to the lower courts who of course,
you know, on a Friday didn't have time
to, you know, process or or put out
further orders. But then the president
sort of preempted that um those actions
by the courts by rescending the
executive orders that put in place the
reciprocal tariffs and other AIA
tariffs.
some of our guests there today weighing
in on the fresh US tariff uncertainty
after the Supreme Court decision.
Markets though are just as clear um as
the skies out there here today.
Actually, it does look a bit cloudy, but
there seems to be a bit more at least
optimism in of course around Asia on
what this sort of you know move from the
Supreme Court really means right for
most of these Asian nations and maybe
some of the US trade partners in this
part of the world. Uh we we mentioned
the markets are taking in stride in some
way. It's a sigh of relief in some ways.
Look at the hang. We're back above
27,000 now as we kick off the year of
the horse. Um yeah, you know, there's be
a lot certainly going to be uncertainty
on what the next, you know, 150 days and
what after that look like,
>> but for now it seems like we're we're
pretty happy about where we stand.
>> Yeah. I mean if if any you're right if
any it does and it's early days it does
seem to add to just this this push of
rotation out of whether that's within
the US or outside or you know going out
of the US for example this whole US the
you know the the end of US
exceptionalism trade and this certainly
does add to that as well. I'm I'm now
curious what that speech is going to be
like tomorrow the state of the union
because that's Congress you have members
of the Supreme Court actually uh also
tend to attend of course that one so
we'll see what the US president will
have to say around that but you know the
the message from markets is quite
resounding right so it's good for risk
assets temporary reprieve here risk
appetite goes when you look at Chinese
markets they're doing exceptionally well
today Hong Kong markets of course China
reopens tomorrow mainland China reopens
uh tomorrow as far as the sector groups
that are really catching the strongest
tailwinds today the top four across X
Japan uh on your screens right now we're
doing so IT is doing well uh financials
energy and industrials okay now in fact
we're looking at consumer discretionary
commercial services IT and materials are
actually the biggest moves that we're
seeing uh today anyway uh dollar on your
screens to the point we were making
earlier on we were looking at Iran by
the way which was one of the things
focal points of markets going into the
weekend. So far, um not much
developments as far as Iran is
concerned. The markets removing some of
the risk premium built into weeks and
weeks of uh the the crude markets and
gold of course still seeing some upside
and not to see of course markets are not
watching Iran, but it's certainly been
uh overtaken by the tariff conversation.
>> Yeah, I mean this this has seen by the
Supreme Court this move the most
consequential sort of rebuke of Trump's
second term. Um so obviously there's
going to be a lot of questions of what
companies what what trade partners are
going to be dealing with how they're
going to approach trade deals moving
forward with the US you know is there
going to be more ne renegotiation of
some of these trade deals as well we've
already talked about the likes of the EU
you know have contemplate whe to halt
their current trade deal as well with
the US but this whole kind of
protectionist wall that Trumpation has
built seems to be like it might not look
the same again moving forward. Yeah, I
mean the Trump card, you know, the
leverage that going into, in a few weeks
time, right, he heads to Beijing. We
have some dates on that as well. And
>> uh it does seem that that that hammer
doesn't wield as much
>> quick enough, right? The ability to
quickly could respond to what happens
geopolitically as well that he might,
you know, the Supreme Court may have
really stripped that sort of leverage
from the president.
>> That's a good point. I think Matt P
brought it up, our guest in the last
hour, that, you know, this in some ways
is good news because it restores
um the constitutionality of of of of of
the ability of the president's powers as
it pertains to this. is confusing though
is oh what is confusing is you know the
number keeps seems to be changing by the
hour and but what's clear ironically
enough is his willingness to tariff the
world right and I think what what does
that sent as far as the the foreign
policy message is concerned uh that is
just to say markets in the region are
taking this in stride US assets you're
reporting out under pressure our mive
strategist Mark Hanfield is with us out
of Singapore to talk us through this
Mark uh does the market reaction make
sense to
I mean, who who cares about tariffs when
there's insatiable demand for chips made
by the big companies in Asia? I mean,
tariffs is just noise. No, I mean,
seriously, you look at the look at the
return of the Taiwanese market today.
Taiwanese market is flying today because
they've seen what Korea did in the in
the past week while they're on holiday.
Not only is there incredible demand for
these these chips which feed into the AI
story, but companies have pricing
ability as well. They're able to raise
the prices to improve their revenues in
the months ahead. That is a much bigger
factor than any noise we had over the
weekend about tariffs. But speaking of
that specifically, where investors are
taking some heart is the fact that
countries may now have wiggle room to
negotiate with the United States. So
already over the weekend, we've heard
that the European leaders are
considering delaying
ratifying the trade deal that was um
made a few months ago between the United
States and the EU. So if they are
willing to push back possibly there,
that means other countries may be
considering the same. We've heard that
Japan and South Korea are looking
closely at the details to see where they
stand on the trade deals that they've
had. This is what investors are most
interested in is the specific trade
deals between countries and the United
States and whether there is any room for
those countries to get an even better
deal than they may have had the first
time round. The bottom line really is
that most traders and investors now will
see this as meaning the threshold is
tariffs are not going away but the pain
threshold is probably somewhat lower and
as you were saying earlier there's less
chance now that there will get
ratification in within the United States
for Trump to be able to do whatever he
wants in terms of imposing tariffs on
other people. So at least potentially
the worst days of this scenario are now
behind us and people can look at a
slightly easier confusing but a slightly
easier scenario in the months ahead. In
the meantime, as you're also saying,
assets are shifting away from the United
States to other places. This is yet
another reason for people to sell the US
dollar, buy precious metals, look to
diversify their portfolios away. And
when Chinese markets reopen tomorrow,
you'll probably see more money heading
in that direction because clearly China
is trying to invite people in there.
Look at the yuan. So strong even in the
time when China has been closed. So
money is moving to Asia. It will
probably move to Europe. Over the next
few months, we'll probably see more
funds disappearing from the United
States assets.
>> What about when it comes to precious
metals, right? You talk about gold, talk
about silver. You off to a pretty bright
start this week. you know, how are
people positioning around that trade
now?
>> Well, it's really fallen into place
nicely for people in the precious metal
space because we saw that huge spike in
January. Prices got really overdone.
Market was was getting very speculative.
Positioning has dialed back a long way
going into this week. Traders have cut a
lot of net long positions. So, they're
able to rebuild with with this. Plus,
we've also got the uncertainty around
Iran as well. We we still have a very
big buildup of US military in the Middle
East. Trump is still threatening action
against Iran. That's again supportive
for precious metals. So you have a
weaker dollar. You have the situation in
Iran. All of that is good for the gold
and silver especially and traders are
not as long as they were going into the
the same period as we had back in
January. So easier for them to build up
positions as they look at the news
around them, which is all good for
metals.
>> Yeah, it seems to be the opposite for
for Bitcoin. Uh we're down 3,000 on the
price there, Mark. I think we're down
50% from the peak. I wasn't going to ask
you about Bitcoin. I want to ask you
about Nvidia because, you know, results
are a few days away. And I remember just
very recently, right, when results were,
you know, out within a few weeks window,
people were already obsessing over the
numbers. Should we be worried that we're
not spending a lot of time over
obsessing over Nvidia's earnings coming
through in in 3 days time, Mark?
>> It it's still a major event. There's no
there's no question about that. They're
such a huge company. Their revenue
numbers are are massive. they will have
an impact but it's not as important as
it was at certain times last year when
you consider that Samsung electronics
SKH highinex Taiwan semiconductor these
are the companies that people are very
excited about not to mention a few of
the names in China as well so the world
is getting increasingly excited about
what is happening in other places
besides the United States so Nvidia yes
very important there'll be volatility
around it but it doesn't carry the same
weight as it did six or nine months ago.
>> Mark, thank you. Mark Rank, our Mline
strategist there, on what to expect this
week as well. Um, but certainly uh
Nvidia earnings are going to be front
and center. Maybe not as much as before,
>> but certainly uh we we'll see how this
all fares, but China, of course,
reopening could be a big one tomorrow.
Well, more on the of course the renewed
trade uncertainties in the next hour
with former USR officials Claire Reed
and Kellyanne Shaw. That's coming up on
Insight with Paz. This is Boom B.
Right, welcome back. Big story in town.
This tariff conversation.
uh in the smallest chance that you
missed it, the US Supreme Court of
course struck down Trump's tariffs.
Shortly after, Donald Trump came up and
said 10%. Shortly after that, he then
went to 15%.
Uh we're parsing reaction right now
across the Asia-Pacific where you have a
number of economies and countries just
revisiting their positions, what makes
sense right now, putting things on ice.
Let's get a sense right now the lay of
the land across the Asia Pacific in
terms of reaction to this. Uh Rosin Mat,
our chief Asia correspondent joining us
uh right now for where we are. Yeah,
Roz, why don't you get us started?
>> Well, a lot of different implications
potentially across the region, but you
know, the status quo might remain for a
lot of countries. The US is saying it
expects these trade deals to stick. The
only one potentially breaking ranks at
the moment is the European Union. India
quite wisely saying they're not going to
send a delegation for further talks on
the interim trade deal that was reached
just yet. That's not signaling anything
more than they just want to take a beat
and see what's going to happen in the
coming days with this new trade
framework that we're going to be dealing
with for about 150 days at least or so.
But economists saying that they expect
India potentially to be a beneficiary of
all these changes. Um lower tariffs for
India possibly also for China. I mean
the fentinel tariff has gone for a start
and so you know at all the tariff rates
average out for China will come down
Morgan Stanley expecting them to come
down to about 24% for China. So a big
winner there and also leverage for China
gaining. So Trump doesn't now have the
ability to threaten higher tariffs just
on a whim against China for for various
things. So and China knows that going
into this meeting that's going to happen
in a matter of weeks between Cinping and
Donald Trump. But they also want that
meeting to go well. So you can see quite
a muted response so far from officials
in China to these developments but
probably relishing what they see as an
opportunity here.
>> In fact, Rosen, as you were speaking, we
did get the first official China
reaction, right? So they reiterate that
it opposes unilateral terrorists, but
they says to keep a close eye on
subsequent US trade actions. Um yeah,
talk a little bit more about this. I
mean they're they're the weeks away from
President Trump meeting with President
Xi. Has the Supreme Court essentially
stripped out a lot of leverage for
President Trump here? How how should
China be approaching the trade
relationship now?
>> Well, that's right. You can see quite a
muted response, very careful language
from China there. Very general. um they
probably don't want to be crowing too
much in the minute, but as you were
saying, like really removing that point
of leverage because Donald Trump's gone
up up up threatening tariffs against
China and then down down again and used
it to say if you don't buy more
soybeans, for example, if you don't do
this, if you do don't do that, I'm going
to put tariffs up uh against you. And
that's really something he can't do
anymore because the court has said
that's not something that he can just
threaten um in in the current framework.
And so all of that leverage potentially
is going will China now start to press
the advantage in that meeting? Will they
say well actually we want this uh
instead we're not going to you know
agree so much on rare earth for example.
We want this for market access for
Chinese companies. Um but again Cinping
does want this meeting to go well. He
doesn't want Donald Trump to come away
feeling like he's been had by Cinping in
the minute. It's in China's interest to
have this to be a smooth uh conversation
and everyone to feel that they got
something out of it. So, quietly, they
might be changing the goalposts on what
they're going to be looking for and
asking for in those conversations, but
they're not going to do it out loud.
>> Ros, thank you. Our chief Asia
correspondent Rosalyn Mat there. I just
want to recap some of those lines that
came through. As of course, Ros
mentioned, it's pretty measured words
from China so far. So they're repeating
their calls for the US to remove
unilateral tariffs but also reiterating
it opposes those tariffs and they are be
keeping a close eye of course on the
moves moving forward uh from the US
trade policy is concerned.
>> Yeah. Uh let's bring in Sally Pong with
us here on set, vice chair at Amcham
Hong Kong who uh perhaps like many on
the street has barely had a weekend. Uh
but thank you for joining us. It's
Monday. Did you did you get any rest
over the weekend? How was that like for
you?
>> Not so much. um lots of lots of calls
and particularly with um emergency board
meetings which I just came off one
>> um u for for for MCM particularly our
member many of them has large sourcing
positions in Asia so it's a lot of goods
consumer goods apparel anything they can
think of still go you know shipping to
the US they're the one who actually paid
the tariff and they're the ones who were
really really concerning what's going on
they're going to embrace another wave of
uh uncertainty to say the least
>> is it in some ways still status quo
given the uncertainty then or what's
changed what hasn't changed do you think
>> that's a good question um I know that
you had talked about a lot of things
that have changes mostly related to the
IPO ones so these are the fentinos as
well as the uh the the reciprocal ones
but the things it doesn't really change
I have a calls with companies board
members saying that it does it looks
like we're going to take everything go
back to zero that just never going to
happen I agree with many of people have
said before me is that tariff is here to
stay um the ones that are that are gone
um we are all now Number one question is
how do you get refund? Everybody all
expect refund but how or when which is
silent in the Supreme Court's uh rulings
but that's the number one question for
many of the companies uh those refunds
going to affect their P&L quite quickly
as well. So they definitely wanted to
manage that. the ones that not change.
If you look at 232 um the um the um the
steel and luminina is still there and
not only that it's actually compounded
to whatever things that that President
Trump is currently announcing and 301 if
we're focusing on China is still not
changing. Um it's been around for for
for years starting 2018. Um particularly
sector tariff is very related to
product. if you're an EV um cars in
batteries and solar or in the
semiconductor you're still going to be
uh paying quite a quite high duty as
well.
>> Does it make planning businesses easier?
Uh I think the smart companies the ones
that we work with in in chamber they all
have a tariff task force ready for a
long time so they know how to play the
scenario out right tariff unlike tickers
it's up and down it's actually can be
quite scientific it's a number so they
already have these uh game plan or we
call playbooks ready as to 10% and then
12 hours later become 15% how much that
really does change their position and
that that impact their bottom line so
most of the company that we work with
are quite savvy at this at this point in
time.
>> What are some of the unintended
consequences that we might not be
>> Yes. focusing on?
>> Ones. The ones that we're seeing is that
as we in in sourcing industry, you know
that a lot of people uh like adopt the
China plus one plus two strategy for
quite some time now. But we're now
seeing a lot of companies actually
thinking about sourcing back to China.
And this is perhaps not 100% due to
tariff. A lot of them is because the AI
movement particularly related to the
robotic you know the in improvement in
the industry uh process that make much
more efficient to produce product and
the cost quite competitively if you
consider the uh the current ones that
the current tariff that China is
getting. So we are seeing quite a few
companies are thinking about maybe I
would just go back to China where the
supply chain is much more stable and the
price is still very competitive as long
as you know things are you know going
the ways that they're planned.
>> How close are these companies to pulling
that trigger to
>> already
>> already we're seeing that already.
>> Okay. Can you give us a sense? I know
you can't get into specific company
names but you mentioned AI. what what
parts of the AI value chain are already
sourcing. a lot of uh uh those like
electronic parts that uh currently in
China there's a lot of lights out
factory so they can probably produce
goods much faster with higher quality
with shorter period of time and I
wouldn't say lower cost but at least a
very competitive cost those are the ones
that company that uh will wanted to
source back to China they move out David
because some of the tariff issue but now
if looking total the total cost of China
may not be as high or as bad then it
makes sense for them to continue to go
back to China or even stay to China.
They may have some plans about about
moving out because tariff issue but that
that plan just so far has been tabled.
>> Interesting. U can we also just assume
that tariff rates have peaked now moving
forward?
>> It's hard to say. I think with this
administration everything can change. Um
I think that as everyone will tell tell
you that tariff here to say we're going
to see a lot of a more focused tariff
action on product specific you have 232
are coming more and then 301 can come
more as well and these can be a large
number as well it's not going to be a
small number like five or 10% it could
be quite quite big it can be big
>> sally thank you so much for your
insights so much vice chairman at Amcham
Hong Kong here and a reminder of course
of our new online feature, which is our
Bloomberg video hub. Subscribers can
explore live streaming, news, and
interviews, all our Bloomberg TV shows,
including The China Show, documentaries,
reporter analysis, and more. Make sure
to check it out at bloomer.com/videos.
In some corporate news this morning, the
US Justice Department investigation of
Netflix's 72 billion dollar offer for
Warner Brothers is set to include
scrutiny over the streaming giants
business practices. Sources say
officials are looking into whether the
deal may create a potential monopoly.
It's the strongest signal yet that the
Trump administration is going beyond a
standard review. Any possible delay may
benefit Paramount's rival bid. Blubric
has learned that OpenAI expects sales to
top $280 billion dollars by the end of
the decade. The forecast reflects the AI
developers strong momentum in
subscription sales to consumers and
businesses. OpenAI also recently began
testing advertising to some users as a
new source of revenue generation. The
CFO Sarah Frier recently said the firm's
annualized revenue last year topped $20
billion.
>> Right. Uh let's have a look at some of
the robotic related stocks coming up on
your screens. Of course, this is a
partial list because you don't have
mainland China up and running today. uh
a note coming through out of Morgan
Stanley in terms of the outlook and
remaining optimistic over uh that
specific group of stocks and we're about
what now two weeks divorced from the
that exceptional display of of dexterity
uh during the spring gala uh spring
festival of course uh in in mainland
China a few weeks about a week or two
back uh right uh speaking of the
holidays we're looking at casino stocks
also coming up on your screens uh we
have some data coming through today uh
we have some data coming through as well
on um Ivon knows better than me on this
the the average the inflation and the
average backerat bet
>> uh over from from last year
>> it's increased a little bit here so
there is a bit of recovery according to
analysts here when it comes to uh
growing the data that we look at premium
mass I mean yes the data that we look at
here has a lot of subsectors um
including when it comes to the likes of
travel trends as well so even like high
nonoffshore duty-free sales grew
>> so certainly we're watching those very
closely a mixed picture across some of
the Macau casinos here this morning
though. Metal stocks of course we're
tracking precious metals once again. It
seems like it is having a pretty bright
sort of start. There you go.
>> Uh Zing mining up five close to 6%. We
talked about the footsie changes as
well. Um but Hang Sang is certainly
continue to rally here today. But as
Mark Cranfield told us, right, you have
two sort of tailwinds when it comes to
precious metals. The dollar weakening
when it comes to tariffs. Uh and then
when it comes to the Iran situation, u
maybe more fuel for the precious metals
trade here. This is Bloomberg.
I think Asia and emerging markets are
probably the biggest beneficiary of this
temporary pullback in terms of tariffs.
So there's 150 days before Trump needs
to, you know, reimpose something else,
but probably going to go after 301 or
232 in terms of investigations and
seeing what can be reimposed. But at the
end of the day, I think, you know, it'll
be less versus what was on previously
before the Supreme Court decision.
>> That was Helen J there just about an
hour back. In terms of her phrasing of
this market reaction makes sense in the
Asia Pacific. So it's bullish for Asia.
It's not as much the case for US
equities and that's exactly how uh Asian
markets and assets cross assets are
actually trading at the moment. Just
making keep in mind Japan is shut as
with mainland China. So we'll get of
course the broader cohort when things
come fully back online uh the rest of
this week. Right. Uh very quickly have a
look at how some of the consumer related
names are also up and running coming up
on your screens. There we go. uh really
on the back of more un well for one of
course the broader rally we're seeing
today and number two of course some of
the better numbers coming through as far
as spending and travel data and travel
volumes and everything in between there
uh as we wrap up of course the very long
holiday uh this year there
>> yeah CCTV I think they said retail sales
grew about 8.6% 6% during the Chinese
New Year holiday. So certainly uh some
pretty decent numbers uh during of
course uh this week-long sort of
holiday. Um I certainly saw it when I
was in China uh for for most of my
holidays. So lots of people tourism in
inbound tourism
>> was it?
>> Oh
>> yeah.
>> Everywhere you looked. Uh you take a
look in terms of big events due this
week. You take a look of course the big
one's going to be the State of the Union
address from President Trump as he heads
to DC right on the back of the Supreme
Court ruling. uh also of course in the
back of these new tariffs that he uh
imposed in the last couple hours or so.
So certainly that's going to be the key
thing to watch. Uh among all those
things that you're seeing, you know,
focus on things like Nvidia earnings,
that could be the big one. Although
maybe the markets are not as obsessed as
they were. Um previous results, the Hong
Kong budget could be one thing given how
hot property stocks have been here and
and people really calling for a
recovery. I think the likes of JP Morgan
saying look there's a lot of FOMO among
you know pent up demand from mainland
investors and buyers here after 3 years
of correction.
>> Yeah, I think uh Sungong Kai was up
substantially right in the early going
on the back of that too. So yeah, we'll
we'll see what how that's framed as far
as the the the Hong Kong budget uh is
concerned of course around midsoon the
latter part of uh this week. Right.
Speaking of uh inflation uh and the
treasury markets and the largely
nonevent so far as far as the tariff
conversation is concerned there it's
really more about what's been happening
fundamentally on your screens of course
the stubborn PCE keeping of course
what's been taking place in the treasury
markets keeping a floor underneath that
as far as that's concerned and of course
bottom of the screens is core PCE and as
you can see if you glean closer you'll
do see that of course slight uptick in
inflation now do we call that inflation
coming back or is that remaining in
check as far as a tighter range in this
new normal if inflation uh is concerned.
Joining us now is Brandy Wine Global.
They recently cut its net US Treasury
holdings out of its global opportunities
fund exiting 10-year positions, trimming
5-year ones as well. The fund has been
among the top performers of course this
year and over the last 12 months as you
can see on your screen. That's how it's
done year to date so far. Joining us now
is Jack McIntyre, portfolio manager at
Brandy Wine Global, joining us out of
the East Coast. Uh, can I just ask you,
Jack, before we talk about markets,
what's the weather like where you are
because we just keep seeing news uh
headlines coming through and it's
looking nasty out there.
>> Yeah, and it is. And it's what they call
this is heart attack snow, meaning it's
very heavy, it's very wet. Uh, so, you
know, the minute I wrap up here, I got
to go back to shoveling. So,
>> Oh my goodness. Okay. Hopefully, you get
a break with us. Uh, uh, and and being,
you know, away from the cold. I know
what that's like, Jack. um you know when
it comes to your position on US
Treasury, tell us a little more about
the rationale
>> on what's behind.
>> Yeah. So, you know, yeah, the starting
point is it kind of came into this year
thinking we're probably going to be in a
a range. Uh looking at the 10-year part
of the curve, 4% maybe four and a half
um you know, and we're we're kind of
hovering closer to that 4%. So, hard to
come up with a real strong value
argument on owning a lot of treasuries
in here. Uh particularly being global,
we can allocate to other parts of the
world. We find more attractive, but
remember you that the second year of a a
presidential cycle, so the year they
have the midterm election, historically
uh it's a strong growth environment uh
right now. So, you know, if that's the
case, and I suspect the Trump
administration is going to want a strong
economy going in the midterm. So,
there's a little bit of a risk of, hey,
that uh we we overheat a little bit that
maybe, you know, we need to start seeing
a little bit more hiring. So uh and then
lastly, you know, and we'll talk about
the tariffs that hey, if if this
persists, then we get less revenue
coming into the federal government and
the bond vigilantes aren't going to
necessarily like that. So everything
kind of points towards that we might see
yields move higher in here. Not super
bearish. I just think we might move up
to that four and a half range barring
any continued really major selloff uh in
risk assets. If that doesn't happen,
feel more confident about yields moving
higher.
>> And Jack, just just in the context of
to, you know, the the state of the union
and of course how the the president's
going to frame the state of the economy.
You mentioned, of course, hopefully one
that is stronger going into going into
the midterms. Is it strong enough that
you think, you know, the Fed might be
able to sneak in a hike as the next
move? Uh that certainly come up as a
tail risk recently. Where's your head on
that?
Yeah. So, you know, it's it's
fascinating because when you look at uh
the makeup of the FOMC right now, I
don't think this has happened before,
but but maybe it has. I just missed it.
But there's a major divide. The
permanent voters, so the the board
members, the governors, the the Fed, the
head of the New York Fed, they're all
very dovish, but the bank presidents are
the ones that are kind of saying, "Hey,
wait a second. We see growth and we
should be tightening." So there's a
little bit of a uh you know kind of a
battle going on. I I would put more
weight on what the the the governors the
say and they're more dovish. So I don't
think we are um close to a rate hike uh
at all. Having said that, the way we get
there is that they stop easing for an
extended period of time and right now
the market's got about two rate cuts the
rest of the year. So, if the data
warrants it, the Fed's going to just be
on hold for longer than eventually if
they have to cut or have to hike, excuse
me, they will. But, um, I don't see that
happening anytime soon.
>> Okay. So, if the US is not the
destination, what what else is more
attractive to you now, Jack?
>> Yeah, it's really almost anywhere but
the US right now. You know, everything
is aligning up and uh, you know, I like
Latin America. uh there, you know, we we
talk about bonds that we actually like.
They're uh there's there's yield to be
had. There's too much inflation getting
discounted into their bond markets.
They've got much better balance sheets
right now. Uh so, you know, the the term
premium is well behaved. So, that's an
area uh that we like, but but by and
large uh being a global bond manager,
our two levers of generating returns are
bonds and currencies. We expect to make
more money on the currency side than on
the bond side right now. But there are
some bonds particularly in Latin America
that that are uh continue to be
attractive.
>> Jack, are you still still sleeping well
at night? Uh my understanding is you're
unhedged there. Are you happy with the
currency outlook? Is that stable enough
uh in Latam for you?
>> It it is. Having said that, we actually
just recently uh hedged our Mexican peso
exposure because it it's done well. I'm
not telling you anything that we don't
already know. Uh people still like Latin
America. I having said that I I I think
this is a multi-year trend. Uh and it
goes back to US dollar weakness
shouldn't have be just a 2025 event. I
think things are lining up where it's
going to persist. So that's going to be
a tailwind again for non US uh markets,
but Latin America uh in particular.
>> And you mentioned the tariffs. Uh what
implications would that have on the bond
market if any? So yeah, you know, Ivon,
it's a good question right now and it's
early. You know, it kind of reminds me
of we're we had a lot of complacency.
Now we're back to tariff uncertainty.
You go back, you look at what markets
did uh almost a year ago around
liberation day and you you saw a lot of
angst uh around that dollar weakness, uh
equity markets selling off, the bonds
are getting a little bit more volatile.
But um so what I'm trying to reconcile
is that if we see lower tariffs, is that
good for inflation? But then lower
tariffs mean lower sort of revenue
coming into the federal government and
the bond vigilantes are going to say,
"Wait a second, we needed a higher term
premium uh if that's the case." So, you
know, bottom line, I'm not viewing this
as a gamecher. Uh you know, the tariffs
um you know, Trump loves tariffs. It's
his favorite word. that's going to
continue to be the case. Things are just
going to get pushed off a little longer
and they've got a number of different
ways to generate tariff revenue.
>> Uh Jack, just your thoughts on the can I
just ask you about the AI because we've
had AI scarce in the equity market. I
know this is more a credit question and
I wonder uh there's a ton of supply
there's a ton of fundraising that needs
to happen of course to fund all this
this this these capital expenditures. On
the other hand though, we're seeing
early cracks in the equity market of,
you know, some sectors that might just
be in the just deer in the headlights
because of this AI trade. Is that
showing up at all in in the fixed income
markets?
>> You know, David, that's a a great point
because it is maybe not directly per se,
although we've seen these companies
shift from being able to fund out of
cash to having to borrow. So that you
know, we are seeing more supply. So
that's um competing with Treasury yields
as well. But really the the way I'm
thinking about it is that there's been a
huge concentration of wealth tied up in
these names. It's been the right place
to be for the last several years. But if
we're really starting to see a a change,
and I think we are, then that's going to
be potentially a big drag uh in terms of
financial conditions, it's going to that
K-shaped economy, it's going to feel,
you know, the the asset ownersh.
So this even though we don't own
treasuries right now, this is the thing
that gets me a little nervous if it
persists because that's going to be a
big tightening of financial conditions
and that ultimately would probably be a
net positive for bonds. But um right now
we're just still looking at some of
these stocks as just sort of being
corrective but very much keeping an eye
on them.
>> Jack, great to have you. Jack McIntyre
there, portfolio manager at Breny Wine
Global. Uh yeah, stay warm when you go
out shoveling snow after this interview.
Uh but yes, always great to have you
back on the show. Uh we've been talking
about of course continuing when it comes
to tariffs. We did speak with former US
commerce secretary Gina Rayundo. She
welcomes a Supreme Court decision
striking down President Trump's tariffs.
Speaking to us shortly after the ruling
was released, Raundo said the
president's landmark economic policy has
created a lot of uncertainty for
businesses.
But I think the really important message
of today is that the system of checks
and balances in this country worked. And
if anything, I think uh it makes America
stronger. If anything, it gives us even
more leverage in the world because it
shows the world, it shows global
businesses our judiciary is independent.
It enforces the laws. And you know, you
asked me in the beginning, what will
Trump do? He seems to still want to go
ahead with tariffs, but now he's going
to have to do it in accordance with the
law, which shows the world and our
allies, our systems are working, the
judiciary is working, and we're a
stronger country because of that. Well,
when it comes to China, uh you think
about the stance of some of the other
nations in the world. Mexico, for
example, has already raised tariffs on
China. A French government advisory
panel just this month proposed tariffs
on China, hikes from coming from the EU.
Do you see any room here for a
coordinated move by the West against
China when it comes to some of the
overcapacity here? And do you think that
that's something that you would advocate
for?
>> It is certainly true that in order for
the United States to effectively
uh compete with China and their
distorted trade practices, we're
strongest when we work with our allies.
I was in Munich last weekend at the
security conference talking to a lot of
Europeans. You know, when China
uh subsidizes a particular product and
then dumps that product into the global
market, it it doesn't just hurt America.
It doesn't just hurt American workers,
consumers, and farmers. It also can hurt
Europeans and Mexicans and Canadians.
And so it's definitely the case that we
would be stronger working with our
allies to combat uh the unfair in many
cases unlawful practices of the Chinese
government.
>> And Gina, I also want to ask about uh
what we're seeing on the domestic front
when it comes to some of these multitude
of companies that have filed suits
against the government basically trying
to secure a refund for these tariffs. as
this as of December rather you are a
board member of Costco and I'm curious
you know when you think about the
process ahead of us do you what is the
kind of timeline that you're thinking
about certainly we saw from Justice
Brett Kavanaaugh today saying that this
is going to be a very messy process is
that your expectation as well
>> it is it look it's it's hard to know
this came down a few hours ago but one
of my concerns
um about the whole way that the
president has gone about these tariffs
apart from the fact that he overreached
uh his presidential authority is it's
just created so much uncertainty you
know and today we have more uncertainty
that was Gina Raundo there former US
commerce secretary speaking with
Bloomberg's Katie Griff uh we just want
to mark this alert that uh just crossed
our screens on our terminals here so a
Hong Kong appeals court has now upholded
the jailing of 12 Democrats. That's
really kind of latest that we see so
far, but it looks like um the jailing of
those 12 Democrats has been upheld here
right now.
>> Yeah. Um we're getting uh so I'm just
looking at this the the line dropping
through out of AFP.
Um so you had the high court chief
judge. Um and this is a oneliner here so
just bear with me. Uh so we dismissed
the applicant's appeal against the
conviction and of course the sentence.
So that that's effectively what you need
to know at this point in time. I'm
dropping my pencil now. Okay. Uh let's
have a look at how equity markets are
doing. We'll take a short break and
we'll update you. Of course, another big
story is taking place. One of which is
of course this bounce we're seeing in
equity markets with Hangen Tech Index.
There we go. Up 4%
in the first hour and 15 minutes of the
week.
Right. Uh, welcome back. A check of the
most active contracts, Brent and West
Texas says, and the space between, as
David Matthews once molds many decades
back. uh is the spread between the two.
Um as you can see on price, we're both
down. Uh progress perhaps set to resume
Thursday when the two sides were talking
with the US and Iran are set to meet. Of
course, in Geneva, investors are
weighing the odds of course of a
potential nuclear deal. Um perhaps
potentially is in the offing. We'll see.
Let's bring in our oil trading reporter
Wrongway um out of Singapore for us. And
yeah, I mean we're looking at declines.
Can we say that um traders are removing
some of the premium built over the last
several weeks?
>> We have seen concrete actions being
taken by the US military building up a
physical presence in the Middle Eastern
regions and that has really stoked fears
for traders uh ahead of potential supply
risks. So uh a lot of uh traders that we
have spoken to they have uh undertaken
more bullish uh bets. They started to
hedge against these price premiums. Um
several banks have also said that um
these uh prices now have included uh
people already priced in these war risk
premiums. Um so we're starting to come
uh we're starting to see that these bets
have uh started to come off just a bit
because um a lot of people have expected
something to escalate over the weekends
when it comes to uh the situation in the
Middle East. Instead, what we've been
hearing a bit more about is on Trump and
its ter and his tariffs, which doesn't
directly affect the oil markets.
>> All right. Wrong way. Thank you. Wrong
way. Neo, there oil trading reporter.
Yeah, it's interesting to Goldman
raising their year-end oil forecast.
They're talking about $60 oil for Brent
now in the fourth quarter. So, still
lower by current levels, but still
expecting a little bit more in terms of
their forecast. But then again, they
they're not expecting any sort of
disturbance in in terms of supply on the
Iran situation. Uh let's check on other
world news here this morning as well.
The US Secret Service says an armed man
was shot and killed after entering a
secured area at President Trump's Mara
Lago estate. Agents say the man was
carrying what looked like a shotgun and
a fuel can. The suspect has not yet been
identified. President Trump was in
Washington at the time of the incident.
He was ordered to drop those two uh
pieces of equipment that he had with
him. At which time he put down the gas
can, raised the shotgun to a shooting
position. At that point in time, the
deputy and the two Secret Service agents
fired their weapons and neutralized the
threat.
Mexican authorities have killed a top
drug cartel leader in a military raid in
the western state of Jaliscoco. Now, the
government says a leader, a new
generation known as El Mencho, was
killed along with six cartel members. US
officials celebrated the killing, which
comes with Mexico under increasing
pressure from President Trump to halt
the flow of illegal drugs into the US.
And more than 35 million people across
New York City and the US Northeast are
under blizzard warnings as a huge winter
storm brings heavy snow and howling
winds. New York Mayor Zoran Mandani has
closed streets, highways, and bridges to
most traffic from 900 p. p.m. Sunday
night through noon on Monday, Eastern
time. Public schools are also closed as
up to 24 ines of snow may fall
accompanied by high winds and coastal
flooding. Yeah, we're going to leave
you. It doesn't look pretty at right
now. I'm taking live pictures out of
Philadelphia here this evening. Now,
woof, if you're in the area, stay safe.
You're watching the China show.
All right. What's trending in China?
Yes, it's her. Een Goo. She's won hearts
in China after taking the gold medal in
the women's ski halfpipe at the Winter
Olympics in Italy. Now, Guzwin makes her
the most decorated free skier of all
time with her three golds and most won
by anyone in the sport, male or female.
And it means she's won six medals in all
six Olympic events. She's contested over
two games, three gold and three silver.
Hashtags about her are dominating
trending topics on Chinese social media
today. Yeah. They call her the the snow
princess and they're all falling in love
with Eileen Goo. Yeah, obviously the the
competency when it comes to the sport
plus of course this very vulnerable
moment which we we'll get to in a moment
there. Um we're really used to seeing
her very very confident and of course
that exchange with that reporter a few
days back really just underscores that
latter point. Uh just in terms of some
of the reaction on social media, many
users in Waybo also pointed out that you
learned this is what the point we were
making uh that the the heartbreaking
news of her grandmother's death right
after winning her gold medal. Now others
noted how she came back stronger after
suffering of course that serious injury
back uh in the summer and really I guess
underscores her just being able to come
back and obviously compete. And I think
just to tie this back together, I think
what really caught people's hearts was
her vulnerability of course when it
comes to her learning about the passing
of someone very close to her.
>> Yes, it was quite an emotional sort of
uh interview that she had um when she
announced that. But yes, I I think you
know it it's it's also become quite
political, right? I mean obviously
there's this kind of very public
>> controversy around her sporting
allegiances and her being American and
competing for China and I think even the
US vice president JD Vance has talked
about you know someone who has you know
benefited from the education system
obviously she goes to Stanford uh that
that they should compete for the USA
Republican lawmakers have also chimed in
on all this as well um but yeah she's
been asked before right you know you do
you feel like you are becoming the punch
bag of the US and she goes Yeah.
Sometimes I feel like I am really
carrying the weight of two countries on
my shoulders.
>> Yes. Uh and amidst that she has
>> she still wins.
>> Yeah. Become the most decorated free
skier, right? Uh of of of all time. Uh
it's
>> I loved her interview uh that response
that she back and forth
>> about, you know, when she won the the
two silvers. Are these two silvers
>> gained or two golds lost? And she just
laughed
>> and I think just to
the most decorated one. Uh, and so
certainly, um,
>> yes, she is definitely the dream of all
Asian parents out there.
>> Well, you know what? You and I have
neither. We've never lost the gold medal
as well. That's it from us. We'll see
you all tomorrow.